# Command draft
This repo is a addition to [minecraft-data](https://github.com/PrismarineJS/minecraft-data). This project aims to take the commands.json report generated by [minecrafts data generator](https://wiki.vg/Data_Generators), and make it easier to parse,
and add some useful information for anyone implmenting minecraft-command parsing. 

# How to use

This code requires python3.7 and above. It does not work with python3.6 because they have made some changes to the subprosess module. I have run this code sucsessfully on Ubuntu/Pop_Os 20.04 with python 3.7 and 3.8 bt i cant say how it goes on other os's.

a) Edit main.py so that the dictionary on the top has all the minecraft versions that you want the commands report for. Remember that data-generators did not exist before minecraft 1.13, so you can't go older then that. Also remeber we are wanting to merge the versons into minecraft-data, so the keys/mc-versions should correspond with the folder names in minecraft-data/data/pc/ if possible. 

b) run main.py and make sure it finishes without any errors. 


# The result
Running main.py does the following:

This code only runs if data is missing:

    1. Download every missing mc-version that is not present in mc-data.

    2. Run minecrafts data generator for all minecraft versions that dont have a .../reports/commands.json.

This code always runs:

    1. Generate our version of commands.json

    2. Validate it against commands_schema.json and exit if a error is detected.

    3. Copy all the commands.json files into the minecraf-data folder, along with commands_schema.json (if a suitable destination exists)



